Revise NNS Intro (#2441)
dfinity/portal: docs/tokenomics/nns/proposal-requirements.md

> # Submitting a Proposal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Submitting a proposal
```

## Overview 

> ### Submit a Proposal

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Only neurons with at least 10 ICP and 6 months of dissolve delay can submit proposals to the NNS. To learn more on how to submit a proposal, refer to the [How to Create an NNS motion proposal](https://wiki.internetcomputer.org/wiki/How-To:_Create_an_NNS_motion_proposal). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only neurons with at least 10 ICP and 6 months of dissolve delay can submit proposals to the NNS. To learn more on how to submit a proposal, refer to the [how to create an NNS motion proposal](https://wiki.internetcomputer.org/wiki/How-To:_Create_an_NNS_motion_proposal). 
```

> Only neurons with at least 10 ICP and 6 months of dissolve delay can submit proposals to the NNS. To learn more on how to submit a proposal, refer to the [How to Create an NNS motion proposal](https://wiki.internetcomputer.org/wiki/How-To:_Create_an_NNS_motion_proposal). 

Reviewer: Should we first include a definition of what a neuron is?

> ### Proposal Format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Proposal format
```

Each proposal submitted to the NNS has the following fields:

* **Summary:** text providing a short description of the proposal, composed using a maximum of 280 bytes.
* **URL:** the web address of additional content required to evaluate the proposal, specified using HTTPS. For example, the address might describe content supporting the assignment of a DCID (data center id) to a new data center.

> * **Proposer:** the ID of the neuron that submitted the proposal. When a proposal is submitted, a “charge” is placed on its balance in case it is rejected. So the balance needs to be big enough to pay the charge on (all) rejection(s). We require a neuron to have a dissolve delay of ≥ 6 months to vote, and this applies to submitting proposals too.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Proposer:** the ID of the neuron that submitted the proposal. When a proposal is submitted, a “charge” is placed on its balance in case it is rejected. So the balance needs to be big enough to pay the charge on (all) rejection(s). The NNS requires a neuron to have a dissolve delay of ≥ 6 months to vote, and this applies to submitting proposals too.
```

> * **Proposer:** the ID of the neuron that submitted the proposal. When a proposal is submitted, a “charge” is placed on its balance in case it is rejected. So the balance needs to be big enough to pay the charge on (all) rejection(s). The NNS requires a neuron to have a dissolve delay of ≥ 6 months to vote, and this applies to submitting proposals too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Proposer:** the ID of the neuron that submitted the proposal. When a proposal is submitted, a “charge” is placed on its balance in case it is rejected. The balance needs to be enough to pay the charge on (all) rejection(s). The NNS requires a neuron to have a dissolve delay of ≥ 6 months to vote, and which also applies to submitting proposals.
```

* **Proposal Type:** the type of the proposal. This infers what topic it belongs to (e.g., #NodeAdmin), the system function that will process the proposal if it is adopted, and the type and structure of the parameters that will be passed to that function.

> * **Parameters:** the parameters that will be passed to the system function that will be invoked if the proposal is adopted, as determined by its type. When a proposal is submitted, the NNS checks the parameters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Parameters:** the parameters that will be passed to the system function that will be invoked if the proposal is adopted, as determined by its type. 
```
(not sure if this is true for all proposals)

Author: Hmm, maybe we can leave it out for now?

> * **Parameters:** the parameters that will be passed to the system function that will be invoked if the proposal is adopted, as determined by its type. When a proposal is submitted, the NNS checks the parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Parameters:** the parameters that will be passed to the system function and invoked if the proposal is adopted, as determined by its type. When a proposal is submitted, the NNS checks these parameters.
```

The NNS assigns a unique identity to each proposal that it receives.

> ### Topics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Proposal topics
```

> Each type of proposal belongs to a specific “proposal topic,” such as “#NodeAdmin” or “#NetworkEconomics,” which determines details about how it will be processed. To prevent users (neurons) from spamming the NNS with proposals, a fee is levied on the neuron that submitted a proposal if it is rejected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each type of proposal belongs to a specific “proposal topic,” such as “#NodeAdmin” or “#NetworkEconomics,” which determines details about how it will be processed. 
```
This was already mentioned and I think is not relevant for the "topic"-section

> Proposals are adopted or rejected based on voting activity by “neurons” that network participants have created.

Reviewer 2: This was also already mentioned, so wondering if it is needed here again. I would separate the explanation how proposals work and then just waht the topics are here

Author: Good point!

> Proposals are adopted or rejected based on voting activity by “neurons” that network participants have created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proposals are adopted or rejected based on voting activity by neurons that network participants have created.
```

> For example, the NNS may require voters to have a greater degree of agreement or to try to process proposals faster, for some topics. Also, neurons follow other neurons on a per-topic basis. Initial topics include:

Reviewer 2: while this is true in theory, right now all proposals require the same thresholds (except for the very weird manage neuron proposals that standard users never interact with). So wondering if it  is needed to say this here

> * **#NeuronManagement:** a special topic using which a neuron can be managed by the followees for this topic (in this case, there is no fallback to default). Votes on this topic are not included in the voting history of the neuron. For proposals on this topic, only the neuron’s followers on the topic that the proposals pertain to are allowed to vote. Because the set of eligible voters for proposals on this topic is restricted, proposals on this topic have a shorter than normal voting period.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **#NeuronManagement:** a special topic with which a neuron can be managed by the followees for this topic. Votes on this topic are not included in the voting history of the neuron. For proposals on this topic, only the neuron’s followers on the topic that the proposals pertain to are allowed to vote. Because the set of eligible voters for proposals on this topic is restricted, proposals on this topic have a shorter than normal voting period.
```
How about putting this to the very end as this is irrelevant to most users? 
I didn't understand "(in this case, there is no fallback to default)" - so suggest to remove it

> * **#ExchangeRate:** all proposals provide information in “real-time” about the market value of ICP, as measured by an International Monetary Fund (IMF) Special Drawing Right (SDR), which allows the NNS to convert ICP to cycles (which power computation) at a rate that keeps their real-world cost constant. Because proposals on this topic are very frequent, they have a shorter voting period, and votes on this topic are not included in the voting history of the neuron.

Reviewer 2: This is not used anymore. The exchange rate is now on the CMC. I would remove this (Even though I think we have not yet cleaned up all code these proposals should not exist anymore)

> * **#ExchangeRate:** all proposals provide information in “real-time” about the market value of ICP, as measured by an International Monetary Fund (IMF) Special Drawing Right (SDR), which allows the NNS to convert ICP to cycles (which power computation) at a rate that keeps their real-world cost constant. Because proposals on this topic are very frequent, they have a shorter voting period, and votes on this topic are not included in the voting history of the neuron.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **#ExchangeRate:** all proposals provide information in real-time about the market value of ICP, as measured by an International Monetary Fund (IMF) Special Drawing Right (SDR), which allows the NNS to convert ICP to cycles (which power computation) at a rate that keeps their real-world cost constant. Because proposals on this topic are very frequent, they have a shorter voting period and votes on this topic are not included in the voting history of the neuron.
```

> * **#NetworkEconomics:** proposals that administer network economics — for example, determining what rewards should be paid to node operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **#NetworkEconomics:** proposals that administer network economics; for example, determining what rewards should be paid to node operators.
```

> * **#Governance:** all proposals that administer governance — for example, motions and the configuration of certain parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **#Governance:** all proposals that administer governance; for example, motions and the configuration of certain parameters.
```

> * **#NodeAdmin:** all proposals that administer node machines somehow, including but not limited to upgrading or configuring the OS, upgrading or configuring the virtual machine framework, and upgrading or configuring the node replica software.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **#NodeAdmin:** all proposals that administer node machines, including but not limited to upgrading or configuring the OS, upgrading or configuring the virtual machine framework, and upgrading or configuring the node replica software.
```

> * **#NodeAdmin:** all proposals that administer node machines somehow, including but not limited to upgrading or configuring the OS, upgrading or configuring the virtual machine framework, and upgrading or configuring the node replica software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **#NodeAdmin:** all proposals that administer node machines, including but not limited to upgrading or configuring the OS, the virtual machine framework, or the node replica software.
```

> * **#ParticipantManagement:** all proposals that administer network participants — for example, granting and revoking DCIDs (data center identities) or NPIDs (node provider identities).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **#ParticipantManagement:** all proposals that administer network participants; for example, granting and revoking DCIDs (data center identities) or NPIDs (node provider identities).
```

> * **#SubnetManagement:** all proposals that administer network subnets — for example, creating new subnets, adding and removing subnet nodes, and splitting subnets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **#SubnetManagement:** all proposals that administer network subnets; for example, creating new subnets, adding and removing subnet nodes, and splitting subnets.
```

> * **#NetworkCanisterManagement:** installing and upgrading “system” [[NNS Canisters|canisters]] that belong to the network — for example, upgrading the NNS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **#NetworkCanisterManagement:** installing and upgrading system [[NNS Canisters|canisters]] that belong to the network; for example, upgrading the NNS.
```

> * **#KYC:** proposals that update KYC information for regulatory purposes — for example, during the initial Genesis distribution of ICP in the form of neurons.

Reviewer 2: if we don't list all topics I would leave this out. It is not relevant anymore

> * **#KYC:** proposals that update KYC information for regulatory purposes — for example, during the initial Genesis distribution of ICP in the form of neurons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **#KYC:** proposals that update KYC information for regulatory purposes; for example, during the initial Genesis distribution of ICP in the form of neurons.
```

Author: We decided to remove KYC. Thank you!

> * **#NodeProviderRewards:** topic for proposals to reward node providers.

Reviewer 2: not sure if this is still used. another candidate to remove.
Maybe instead one coud mention SNS proposals that are used more frequently?

> ### Types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Proposal types
```

Each proposal is an instance of a specific “proposal type”, which determines what information it contains. For each type of proposal, the NNS maintains a corresponding system function, which it invokes whenever a proposal of that type is adopted. When a proposal is adopted by the NNS, it invokes the corresponding system function by drawing information from the proposal’s content to fill the parameters. 

> * **ManageNeuron (#NeuronManagement, Restricted Voting)**: this type of proposal calls a major function on a specified target neuron. Only the followers of the target neuron may vote on these proposals, which effectively provides the followees with control over the target neuron. This can provide a convenient and highly secure means for a team of individuals to manage an important neuron. For example, a neuron might hold a large balance, or belong to an organization of high repute, and be publicized so that many other neurons can follow its vote. In both cases, managing the private key of the principal securely could be problematic. (Either a single copy is held, which is very insecure and provides for a single party to take control, or a group of individuals must divide responsibility — for example, using threshold cryptography, which is complex and time-consuming). To address this using this proposal type, the important neuron can be configured to follow the neurons controlled by individual members of a team. Now they can submit proposals to make the important neuron perform actions, which are adopted if and only if a majority of them vote to adopt. (Submitting such a proposal costs a small fee, to prevent denial-of-service attacks.) Nearly any command on the target neuron can be executed, including commands that change the following rules, allowing the set of team members to be dynamic. Only the final step of dissolving the neuron once its dissolve delay reaches zero cannot be performed using this type of proposal, since this would allow control/“ownership” over the locked balances to be transferred. (The only exception to this rule applies to not-for-profit organizations, which may be allowed to dissolve their neurons without using the initial private key.) To prevent a neuron from falling under the malign control of the principal’s private key by accident, the private key can be destroyed so that the neuron can only be controlled by its followers, although this makes it impossible to subsequently unlock the balance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **ManageNeuron (#NeuronManagement, Restricted Voting)**: this type of proposal calls a function on a specified target neuron. Only the followers of the target neuron may vote on these proposals, which effectively provides the followees with control over the target neuron. This can provide convenient means for a team of individuals to manage an important neuron. For example, a neuron might hold a large stake, or belong to an organization of high repute, and be publicized so that many other neurons can follow its vote. In both cases, managing the private key of the principal securely could be problematic. (Either a single copy is held, which is very insecure and provides for a single party to take control, or a group of individuals must divide responsibility — for example, using threshold cryptography, which is complex and time-consuming). To address this using this proposal type, the important neuron can be configured to follow the neurons controlled by individual members of a team. Now they can submit proposals to make the important neuron perform actions, which are adopted if and only if a majority of them vote to adopt. (Submitting such a proposal costs a small fee, to prevent denial-of-service attacks.) Nearly any command on the target neuron can be executed, including commands that change the following rules, allowing the set of team members to be dynamic. Only the final step of dissolving the neuron once its dissolve delay reaches zero cannot be performed using this type of proposal, since this would allow control/“ownership” over the locked balances to be transferred. (The only exception to this rule applies to not-for-profit organizations, which may be allowed to dissolve their neurons without using the initial private key.) To prevent a neuron from falling under the malign control of the principal’s private key by accident, the private key can be destroyed so that the neuron can only be controlled by its followers, although this makes it impossible to subsequently unlock the balance.
```

I think this is all true but I wonder how relevant this is. If we think this is needed for develeopers I wouuls still put this to the very end. 
I think there is no way to create a neuron that is not-for-profit. Only some neurons at genesis had this field. If we want devs to use this they might need to know this. But I wonder if we should recommend that

* **ManageNetworkEconomics (#NetworkEconomics)**: this is a single proposal type that can update one or several economic parameters:

>     * **Reject cost:** the amount of ICP the proposer of a rejected proposal will be charged — to prevent the spamming of frivolous proposals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Reject cost:** the amount of ICP the proposer of a rejected proposal will be charged to prevent the spamming of frivolous proposals.
```

* **StopOrStartNNSCanister (#NetworkCanisterManagement)**: stop or start an NNS canister.

## ICP tokens
ICP are native utility tokens that play three key roles in the network:

* **Facilitating network governance**: ICP tokens can be locked to create neurons that participate in network governance by voting, through which they can earn economic rewards.

* **Production of cycles for compute**: ICP provides a source store of value that can be converted into “cycles,” which power computation in the role of fuel that is burned when it is used. The NNS converts ICP to cycles at a variable rate, so chosen to ensure users of the network can always create new cycles at approximately constant cost concerning IMF SDR, such that the cost of acquiring fuel is predictable.

* **Rewarding participants**: the network provides rewards to incentivize those playing important roles that enable the network to function, including a) the provision of “voting rewards” to those participating in governance, and b) the provision of “node provider rewards” to those operating the node machines that are hosting the network.

## Ledger

> The ICP ledger is hosted within the NNS and records all balances of ICP in the manner of a spreadsheet. Each row is called an “account,” which has two fields (i.e., there are two “columns”):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ICP ledger is hosted within the NNS and records all balances of ICP in the manner similar to a spreadsheet. Each row is called an “account,” which has two fields (i.e., there are two “columns”):
```

> * **Account identifier (bytes)**: a unique value that is derived from the identity of the “principal” that “controls” the account. Currently, the principal must either be (i) the owner of a public key pair, or (ii) a canister smart contract that is part of the NNS. Account identifiers are derived by hashing the concatenation of a domain separator, the principal ID, and the subaccount (or zeros if no subaccount is given).

Reviewer 3: 1. The controller (or owner) of the account is any principal. A canister that is not part of the NNS is still a valid owner.
2. Is there a reason why we do the distinction between principals associated with a key pair and the principal of a canister? Both are principals from the Ledger point of view.
3. Do we explain what the subaccount is? It is used but not introduced before.

Author: I think it is noted that a canister can vote as well. I think it might be too much to introduce subaccount to start

> * **Balance** (positive integer, representing one-hundredth of a millionth of an ICP): the quantity of ICP assigned to the principal of the account.

Reviewer 3: The balance is the quantity of ICP assigned to an account, not to a principal of an account. The quantity of ICP assigned to the principal of the account is the sum of the balances of all accounts owned by that principal.

> When the principal is a public key or Canister, they can apply the following operation to an account:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the principal is a public key or Canister, they can apply the following operation to an account:
```
Is "Canister" capitalized? Deferring to @jessiemongeon1 here :)

Reviewer: No, canister should be lowercase.

> * **Send**: send a portion of the ICP balance to another account. If all the ICP is sent to another account, then the sending account ceases to exist (i.e., is deleted from the ledger).

Reviewer 3: Can we use transfer and not send? Transfer is the term used in [ICRC-1](https://github.com/dfinity/ICRC-1/blob/main/standards/ICRC-1/README.md#icrc1_transfer-) which itself is derived from the [same function on the Ethereum network](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-20#transfer).

`send` on the ICP Ledger is deprecated in favour of `transfer`, `icrc1_transfer` and `icrc2_transfer_from`. It should be used only by legacy code.

Author: I think transfer and send are pretty much used interchangeably on Ethereum. I'll update `transfer` as it aligns with the function name in the code. Thank you!

> * **Notify**: when the destination of the funds sent is the account of an NNS canister (e.g., an account of the governance canister), the sender can ask the ledger to notify the recipient canister of the incoming transfer. The recipient canister can then act on this notification. Two examples where this ability is used are creating a neuron and refreshing the stake of a neuron. These are detailed below.

Reviewer 2: Is this still usable? Let's make sure with @MarioDfinity . This is not anymore how neurons are created

Reviewer 3: No. `notify` is deprecated and may be removed in future. It should not be mentioned in the documentation.

Operations that require interaction between the ledger and the governance system (Neurons):

> * **Create neuron**: when the principal is a public key holder, they may lock a portion of their balance inside a new neuron. Technically, creating the neuron is done in two stages. First, transfer the ICP to be staked to an account of the governance canister (which corresponds to a new neuron — the details of the association are omitted here). Then notify the governance canister of the incoming transfer which updates its internal neuron bookkeeping. If the entire balance is locked inside a new neuron, the account ceases to exist (i.e., is deleted from the ledger). To move these ICP to a different account, such as back to the original account, where they can once again be controlled like a normal balance, the associated neuron must be fully dissolved and disbursed (destroyed). The new neuron that has been created is controlled by the private key of the principal that created it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Create neuron**: when the principal is a public key holder, they may lock a portion of their balance inside a new neuron. Technically, creating the neuron is done in two stages. First, transfer the ICP to be staked to an account of the governance canister (which corresponds to a new neuron — the details of the association are omitted here). Then notify the governance canister of the incoming transfer which updates its internal neuron bookkeeping. To move these ICP to a different account, such as back to the original account, where they can once again be controlled like a normal balance, the associated neuron must be fully dissolved and disbursed (destroyed). 
```

" If the entire balance is locked inside a new neuron, the account ceases to exist (i.e., is deleted from the ledger)." is not fully correct: the tokens will still be on the ledger, they are just in an account that is owned by governance and thus cannot be touched by the user

"The new neuron that has been created is controlled by the private key of the principal that created it." is not fully true: I can claim a neuron for someone else. It just depends which principal is used to compute the subaccount. Maybe this is too technical to exampl here?

> * **Refresh stake**: the stake of a neuron may be increased by transferring to its address/account in the ledger and notifying the governance canister of the incoming transfer. Refreshing the stake will change the maturity and age of the neuron prorated. For example, if the stake is doubled, the maturity and age will be halved, so spawning will yield the same amount and the age bonus will be the same as before (in absolute terms).

Reviewer 2: Is it true that the maturity is also affected? @bjoernek maybe you know but I would find that surprising

Author: Removed it for now, will follow-up with Bjoern!

> ## Neurons

Reviewer: This topic should be mentioned first to define Neurons and give context for their role in the proposals & voting

A neuron locks a balance of ICP and enables its owner to participate in network governance, through which they can earn rewards.

### Attributes
Neurons have the following attributes:

> * **Identity (uint64)**: the general identity of the neuron object. When a neuron is configured to follow another neuron, this is the value that is used. This is a random 64-bit value selected at neuron creation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Identity (uint64)**: the general identity of the neuron object. When a neuron is configured to follow another neuron, this is the value that is used. This is a random 64-bit value selected by NNS governance at neuron creation.
```

* **DissolveState**: at any time, at most one of WhenDissolved and DissolveDelay are specified.
** WhenDissolved (timestamp)
When the dissolve timer is running, this stores the timestamp in seconds from the Unix epoch, at which point the neuron becomes dissolved. At any time while the neuron is dissolving, the neuron owner may pause dissolving, in which case DissolveDelay will get assigned to WhenDissolved minus the timestamp when the action is taken.
** DissolveDelay (duration)
When the dissolve timer is stopped, this stores how much time the dissolve timer will be started with. It can be eight years at most. At any time while in this state, the neuron owner may (re)start dissolving, in which case WhenDissolved will get assigned to the timestamp when the action is taken plus DissolveDelay.

* **Maturity (positive number – percent)**: the maturity of a neuron, which determines its ability to spawn a new neuron and corresponding locked balance of newly minted ICP in expectation equal to this value in percent of the stake of the spawning neuron. When new neurons are created, their maturity is zero. When neurons vote, over time the NNS increases their maturity to reward them.

> * **Follow relationships (mapping from topic to list of followers, private)**: a neuron can be configured to vote automatically by following other neurons on a topic-by-topic basis. For any valid topic, a list of followers can be specified, and the neuron will follow the vote of a majority of the followers on a proposal with a type belonging to that topic. If a null topic is specified, this acts as a catch-all that enables the neuron to follow the vote of followees where a rule has not been specified.

Reviewer 2: We could mention here that a few topics are not included in teh "catch-all"

* **Recent votes (public)**: a record of recent votes is maintained. This can provide a guide for those wishing to evaluate whether to follow a neuron or how their followers are voting.

* **NotForProfit (boolean)**: whether this neuron is “not for profit,” making it dissolvable by voting.

The following attributes can be computed:

* **Age (seconds)** (computed from AgingSince and current time): the period that has elapsed since the neuron was created or last stopped dissolving. Conceptually, whenever a neuron starts dissolving, then its age is reset to zero and remains zero while it is dissolving. If a dissolving neuron has been turned off, the current time becomes the effective neuron creation date to calculate the age.
* **State (LOCKED or DISSOLVING or DISSOLVED)** (computed from DissolveState and the current time):

>     - LOCKED: In this state, the neuron is locked with a specific DissolveDelay. It accrues age by the passage of time and it can vote if DissolveDelay is at least six months. The method `start_dissolving` can be called to transfer the neuron to the DISSOLVING state. The method `increase_dissolve_delay` can be used to increase the dissolve delay without affecting the state or the age of the neuron.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - 
    NOT_DISSOLVING: In this state, the neuron is locked with a specific DissolveDelay. It accrues age by the passage of time and it can vote if DissolveDelay is at least six months. The method `start_dissolving` can be called to transfer the neuron to the DISSOLVING state. The method `increase_dissolve_delay` can be used to increase the dissolve delay without affecting the state or the age of the neuron.
```
This should be applied everywhere: this is now called NOT_DISSOLVING in the code and "in English" we call this non-dissolving sometimes, but let's try to not use "locked" as this might be confusing

    - DISSOLVING: In this state, the neuron’s effective dissolve delay decreases with time. While dissolving, the neuron’s age is considered zero. Eventually it will reach the DISSOLVED state. The method `stop_dissolving` can be called to transfer the neuron to the LOCKED state, and the neuron will start aging again. The method `increase_dissolve_delay` can be used to increase the dissolve delay, but this will not stop the timer or affect the age of the neuron.
    - DISSOLVED: In the dissolved state, the neuron’s stake can be disbursed using the disburse method. It cannot vote as its dissolve delay is considered to be zero. If the method `increase_dissolve_delay` is called in this state, the neuron will become locked with the specified dissolve delay and start aging again. Neuron holders have an incentive not to keep neurons in the dissolved state for a long time: if the holders want to make their tokens liquid, they disburse the neuron’s stake, and if they want to earn voting rewards, they increase the dissolve delay. If these incentives turn out to be insufficient, the NNS may decide to impose further restrictions on dissolved neurons.

> * **ControlByProposals (boolean)** (true if the neuron has a non-empty list of followers on the #NeuronManagement topic): if a neuron specifies followees on the ManageNeuron topic, it can be managed by proposals of type ManageNeuron (#NeuronManagement), which may only be voted upon by the neuron’s followers. This provides a foundation for the management of highly security-sensitive neurons since it allows them to be maintained without hot keys or the secret key of the principal, which can be kept in cold storage or even destroyed (so long as the associated balance of ICP needs never be unlocked). For example, the Internet Computer Association or other known neurons might publicize the address of special neurons that will be made to vote according to their wishes, so that others can configure their neurons to follow them and leverage their expertise and efforts in governance. One problem with such practices is that they introduce the risk that secret keys used in the management of the publicized neurons might be compromised, allowing hackers to take control and “trick” large numbers of following neurons into voting according to their wishes. If the publicized neurons have admin proposals enabled, however, then they can be administered by the neurons they follow (their followers), which are typically controlled by a large number of team members who cannot be simultaneously extorted, without any need for the usage of secret keys whatsoever.

Reviewer 2: I don't know this field. Would remove this. There are other neuron fields. Did you want to list all of them here? 
They are defined here https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/dfinity/ic/-/blob/rs/nns/governance/proto/ic_nns_governance/pb/v1/governance.proto?L226 but I wonder if it makes sense to just list the most important ones here and refer to the file which will always be up to date.

> ### Commands

Reviewer 2: there are not all neuron commands. I think it makes sense to just mention the most important ones here, but maybe it would be good to explicitly say so? 
One could link to the github link corresponding to here https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/dfinity/ic/-/blob/rs/nns/governance/proto/ic_nns_governance/pb/v1/governance.proto?L829 where they are all defined.
